Rodney B
Prior to using Preach360, I spent over 20 hours developing a single sermon. My process was backward—I often got bogged down in commentaries before truly diving into the text itself. This inefficiency cost me my day off and created constant pressure. If a ministry event or pastoral need arose, I always felt behind.
To make matters worse, I was my own worst critic. As people left the service, I was often plagued by doubt, constantly wondering if the sermon made sense or if it had truly connected with them.
I knew I couldn't keep going with my current workflow—something had to change.
 Now that I have been using this process for over a year, my sermon prep has transformed. Instead of starting with commentaries, I now dive straight into the biblical text. The framework’s guiding questions help me uncover the main idea, identify our human struggle, show how Jesus is the answer, and explain how His Spirit empowers us to live in a new way.
Consequently, my prep time has been drastically reduced. Most weeks, I have a first draft done by Tuesday, leaving Thursday for editing and practice. This has freed me up for other ministry needs and allowed me to take a true day off without worrying about the sermon.
The impact hasn't just been on my schedule but on the listeners as well. I have received more comments about the sermons being helpful than in all my previous years of preaching combined. This system has streamlined my preparation and brought a clarity that the Spirit is using for His glory.
John G.
Preach360 has been a huge blessing. Sermon prep was basically occupying most if not all of my agenda. I now have a healthy rhythm for my family and the church.
Ross R.
By the way, I'm getting quicker at my prep time! And my feedback on my sermons since starting Preach360 has been my best yet!
Chrys
This exegetical guide is amazing. I love that it's sourced from trustworthy commentaries and tools. And I love the summary at the end. Wow!
Chris T.
Preach360 has been a game-changer for me.
I was chronically finishing my sermon early Sunday mornings, but now have it completed between Tuesday and Thursday every week.
You just don’t know what this tool has done to help me grow and progress. And I feel like I’m just getting started. I really look forward to both sermon prep and preaching more than ever.
"WORTH EVERY PENNY!'
"The exegesis tool has been HUGE... It sets up the passage better than any commentary work I've ever done! Really gets me into the text."
David H.
The focus and simplicity of PPGR have helped me preach Christ with a tangible connection to real spiritual struggles people are facing.
Scott N.
I have noticed an increase in members wanting to talk about the message and how it is hitting them. Not only on Sunday mornings, but throughout the week. They express a deeper conviction of sin and a greater appreciation of Grace. I am grateful for for finding this model, even at this late stage in my ministry. Soli Deo Gloria
Kelly C.
I can honestly say that for the first time in 18 years that I look forward to sermon prep.
David K.
Preach360 compels me to get to the root, heart issue more than anytime before in my preaching.
Eddie L.
I had someone in my congregation come up to me after my sermon this past Sunday with a lot of positive feedback about how transformative it was. One thing she said was how simple it was and I think the keyword made a huge difference! (Eddie Lim)
Erik R.
Just wanted to say how helpful your workshop last week. In the moment it was really helpful but it was even more so this week. Our church is starting "all-church" worship once every 6 weeks where the kids will be in the service for the whole time. At our staff meeting yesterday we decided the sermon would go from 35 minutes to 20 minutes. I've been using the PPGR method the last 6 months so I immediately pulled up my notes from last week's video workshop about your son giving a short talk to middle schoolers and it was so helpful. Thanks! (Erik Rome)
Mark A.
This will revolutionize the mission work in 10-40 window! Preaching with movements helps my Buddhist audience because it's like a story telling.
